README.md, before:

# devTinder

- Create vite+react application
- Remove unnecessary code and create a Hello World app.
- Install Tailwind CSS
- Install Daisy UI
- Add NavBar component to App.jsx
- Create a NavBar.jsx separate component file.
- Install react-router-dom
- Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route =/ Body > RouteChildren 
- Create an Outlet in Body Component.
- Create a Footer
- Create a Login Page

-Install axios
-CORS => install cors in backend project => Add middleware with configuration : origin , credentials:true
- wheneven making API call , pass in axios configuration => { withCredentials :true }
-Install react-redux +@reduxjs/toolkit -https://redux-toolkit.js.org/tutorials/quick-start
- configure store => Provider =>createSlice => add reducer to store
- Add redux devtools in chrome
-Login and see if the data is comming properly into the store
-Navbar should update as soon as user logs in
- Refactor our code to add constants fle + create a components folder.







Body
    Navbar
    Route=/ => Feed
    Route=/login => Login
    Route=/connections => Logi

Commit message:

redirect to login if not authenticated

README.md, after:

# devTinder

- Create vite+react application
- Remove unnecessary code and create a Hello World app.
- Install Tailwind CSS
- Install Daisy UI
- Add NavBar component to App.jsx
- Create a NavBar.jsx separate component file.
- Install react-router-dom
- Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route =/ Body > RouteChildren 
- Create an Outlet in Body Component.
- Create a Footer
- Create a Login Page

- Install axios
- CORS => install cors in backend project => Add middleware with configuration : origin , credentials:true
- wheneven making API call , pass in axios configuration => { withCredentials :true }
- Install react-redux +@reduxjs/toolkit -https://redux-toolkit.js.org/tutorials/quick-start
- configure store => Provider =>createSlice => add reducer to store
- Add redux devtools in chrome
- Login and see if the data is comming properly into the store
- Navbar should update as soon as user logs in
- Refactor our code to add constants fle + create a components folder.
- You should not be access other routes without login.
- If token is not present redirect user to Login page.







Body
    Navbar
    Route=/ => Feed
    Route=/login => Login
    Route=/connections => Logi
